How do you speak?
Do you know that the customer is God?
I'm just you
You don't look like this
Our store is full of priceless treasures
You poor
At first glance, it is a screw in the factory.
swallow nonsense
I sell barbecues anyway
Oh, it turns out to sell barbecue, hahahaha.
What's the situation in Qingfeng Pavilion now?
Why are all the cats and dogs going in?
Gao Shao saw no stinky dick
This young master Gao is the eldest young master of the Gao family
The son of the richest man, Mr. Gao Noble
I want to remember correctly
Your Gao family is bankrupt
You poor man, he doesn't have your say
Our Gao family is a celebrity in Jiangzhou after all
Even if it goes bankrupt
The dead camel is bigger and stronger than you
It's you, get out
Otherwise we'd kick you out
Then again
I'm here to buy something.
I will complain to you for your attitude.
I'm so scared
You come here to buy something, do you know the price here?
The cheapest antique jade bracelet here
Gotta start 500,000
Can you afford that?
If I could afford it